[Music]
disaster last seen maybe they do try
some aggro try action to secure a meal
is it a a Rubik's vector yeah south and
a pooled tango to boot see how the ring
rune control goes to the four-minute
mark di writing for the cold feet very
nicely done they will set it up get the
kill on the Naga but going in is the Pug
I don't think he can craft three and
let's see silent just I can find here to
be jungle here I'll find Illidan he's
running in on illidan I don't know about
this play there's nobody even if it's
probably in the neighborhood very brave
you got the blade mail now and he does
have his ultimate maybe get a setup for
the team punk is coming in yo cuca
gig'em to get a great setup here don't
overcommit on this rain came in they
show them off but actually is gonna hurt
them I think and they do breaking now
the ultimate will come back to life so
they have detection for Phobos to help
us comes out silent called it resists
again they gotta get more out of your
blade tho tompa that's gonna force the
back from the rear comes geez with a
gigantic cough ultimate now can finish
off by lenders in tues eve will end up
going down even after the stake charges
three down they blew everything born
heroes small my god stacking up the
track cold they even use their precious
most of his plays have come not not from
anything that you can see on the kth are
just really clutch timings great steals
and he's just saying the right place at
the right time to support his team a
classic little style they are looking to
go here with that stolen Laguna heroes
will drop very fast yoku about the gate
on will smoke may break at the wrong
time nope they're gonna back off they go
jumping on man and the other used to be
a bug there I don't even need those you
in an element to the rest of the flight
almost in some trouble you get dusted
netted as well they've already wants
their download wap ready to rock and
roll there's your sonic wave ring silent
low you know that the ultimate will be
utilized here but his three friends are
already dead alvina on her way in as the
set of a big first anyone godlike and
they're not done yet it's gonna be a
team like here silent will go down as
well it lives G with a triple kill on a
god-like street now 10 0 & 2 vector
didn't even serious is you're on the
brink of elimination then you turn it
back with that perfect sweep it is still
a very impressive series of events
whenever it happens the first comes from
Starcraft with the teams so you would
have you know every time you lose you
put a new person so if you're one away
the one person literally have that
single digit all kill little resolution
speaking it kills he's going down double
damage rungy makes it nice and easy a
couple of tp's and presently there to go
in on youku and he might get him and i'm
really trying to be okay yeah now hold
that silent also be pursued on the other
side for that he doesn't have to go
through me on violence gonna try to
armlet toggles waiting for this one and
in the meanwhile G tries another failed
fourth-down GG solo the world while
gonna don't like what's going on yeah
they I mean it seemed like isolated it
smokey blinks out resolution was
revealed the jig is up and they have no
idea where he was they never saw him oh
god what else to look what doesn't this
guy do he's stealing all the spelled
perfect lift rhyming haunt now going in
on the mid lane youku com IDK Phobos
texture jumps in that's a track kill for
two and the spectre just got it suddenly
as 900 golden Empire meanwhile he let on
a merry chase around the world here so
may drop of
okay it's on the lift Hill try to buy
some time for a teeny had a waning Ricky
sounds and everyone Aloha dance almost
dies is a great Discoverer niggas time
always gonna prob won't be able to see
see Jesus cleaning house reincarnation
use the rate games back up but it's him
versus the world and not much as you can
do about it iligan will just turn and
poke him with that girl a huge Yeti miss
it it like how does the potatoes beating
killed inspector I'm soon yeah I don't
think it Peaks until an hour and yeah
maybe made me cuz of the stack the
specter factor but even getting an a
agra nums QWOP can get six lauded LG
will be 6 out of 14 inches he makes us
call copy who gets hit by the eyes and
the grave was cooking on the early end
here holding shift and shutter another
gill tract kill as well this endless
piles of gold in the DJ provinces coffer
and they can go Roche now I think oh
absolutely will be a freebie daily if
they want it but uh oh gee want skills
he sees resolution listen he has this
alternate or if he needs to turn this
into a hex stick and he needs kills to
make that happen listen almost good said
I'm he wants to make a play on D because
he's been scouted for another 40 track
till it's a resolution sandwich hey this
is just falling apart we're cold for a
team that's already up 10k that's how
good the track well this is this boy's
my god now let's move into Russian
course it's uncontested is to get the
problema gia will get the ages what a
better that way radius p he's just
smooching the bases o'clock with the
agents up on the high ground spectres
off chillin a little bit farther back it
looks like yeah G you got this myth
silent does not have a TP scroll right
now he's in mid trying to walk back and
Lena and resolutions just okay Lena had
looking for kills but he's just playing
around just chasing after fng all right
meanwhile your base is dying my friend
but I think at this point you just want
something cilan will go ending is gone
do you remember he's ages carry not good
with the bench here to initiate upon but
which will rise they do quickly clean up
the ages and now the haunt comes through
song of the siren don't get used and it
gets stolen II don't let me ax
unfortunately but we'll just out of his
mind just gave three more killed and
they're not done just yet the songs
their lil continues to impress and
really just get fancy against Empire
nothing sell fuel but Lena try night on
it's a good coil have they dope too far
it's impossible for this team over
instead at this point they just that far
ahead I guess not so yeah now the ones
safety here for empires that they have
steer two towers standing in all the
other lanes they'll lose their race king
will end the godlike streak of G that's
2,000 gold going to yoke you don't you
know enough to buy back and just about
complete you'll another not gonna get
the racks me I mean they still a team
like with tragal and they're gonna do so
again in the end of EP coming back from
an 02 start that got pretty heavily
beaten down and they take the series 3-2
they will enter the
five as the strongest looking team from
CIS oh absolutely still a very back and
forth series i think needless to say
Lenny time it goes to game 5 you know
it's two evenly matched teams just get
to be pumped up for TI five and this is
even just a Inklings of what some games
are going to be like massive kills the
really aggressive lanes the back and
forth series